At times, it can be difficult to talk to a million about sex because a million is a young
boy and I am a single mother.
I've been a widow for nine years and I find sexual education a difficult topic to talk about.
In our culture, talking about sex is taboo.
So much so that our parents do not talk to us about it.
It is hard to know how much information we should give to our children.
And I'm naturally curious.
Our fear is, what if they get wrong thoughts?
It is not easy to bring up children in the last days of their system of things.
It is very difficult to train children in a blended family, but with the help of Jehovah,
it is Jehovah who has helped us to train them.
It's true that Jehovah has given us an incredible task to raise our children in the truth, but
it doesn't come unconfident because thanks to his organization, we always have what
we need in due time to successfully carry out this task.
I use the videos provided by the faithful and discreet slave that relate to the topics
Emilia wants to talk about.
In particular, the video protects your children which speaks about sexual predators is a good
starting point for a discussion on this.
Even before Satan's world can teach our children about sex, we can teach them.
Learn from the great teacher, chapter 32, has beautiful questions.
It helps us to understand what is in their heart and how much information they already
know.
Since we have already spoken to them about sex at this stage, we can talk about any serious
matters in future without feeling awkward.
We lean on the counsel from the Bible regarding sexuality, and this has helped the children
to fear Jehovah.
Every time that we go out to the fields to do our work, we are talking all the time with
the children.
I see that Jehovah is blessed these efforts.
We do not have any problems amongst the children or with others.